Update self-healing.md (#4507)
MicrosoftDocs/architecture-center: docs/guide/design-principles/self-healing.md

## Design your application to be self healing when failures occur

> In a distributed system, failures happen all the time. Hardware can fail. The network can have transient failures. Rarely will an entire service, data center, or even Azure region experience a disruption, however, even those must be planned for. From early on (not as an after thought), you should expect failure and embrace uncertainty in your architecture.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a distributed system, failures must be expected to happen. Hardware can fail. The network can have transient failures. Rarely will an entire service, data center, or even Azure region experience a disruption, however, even those must be designed for in your workload architecture. Resiliency and recovery should be addressed early in your workload design.
```

## Recommendations

> **Design autonomous and decoupled components that communicate through asynchronous communication protocols.** Components should ideally use events to communicate with each other. This helps to minimize the chance of cascading failures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Use decoupled components that communicate asynchronously**. Components should ideally use events to communicate with each other. This helps to minimize the chance of cascading failures.
```

**Checkpoint long-running transactions**. Checkpoints can provide resiliency if a long-running operation fails. When the operation restarts (for example, it is picked up by another VM), it can be resumed from the last checkpoint. Consider implementing a mechanism that records state information about the task at regular intervals, and save this state in durable storage that can be accessed by any instance of the process running the task. In this way, if the process is shut down, the work that it was performing can be resumed from the last checkpoint by using another instance. There are libraries that provide this functionality, such as [NServiceBus](https://docs.particular.net/nservicebus/sagas) and [MassTransit](https://masstransit-project.com/usage/sagas). They transparently persist state, where the intervals are aligned with the processing of messages from queues in Azure Service Bus.

> **Always stay responsive even during times of unexpected failures**
> 
> **Degrade gracefully**. Sometimes you can't work around a problem, but you can provide reduced functionality that is still useful. Consider an application that shows a catalog of books. If the application can't retrieve the thumbnail image for the cover, it might show a placeholder image. Entire subsystems might be noncritical for the application. For example, on an e-commerce site, showing product recommendations is probably less critical than processing orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Degrade gracefully and stay responsive during failure**. Sometimes you can't work around a problem, but you can provide reduced functionality that is still useful. Consider an application that shows a catalog of books. If the application can't retrieve the thumbnail image for the cover, it might show a placeholder image. Entire subsystems might be noncritical for the application. For example, on an e-commerce site, showing product recommendations is probably less critical than processing orders.
```
